(这个主题是我在英语学习中为了强行使用新掌握的词汇而瞎编的故事)

When Marcelo’s father is nearly **beyond constraint**, Marcelo **darts into** his own quickly. Last night he played a football game and  suffered **fatigue**,  which rendered him extremely **feeble** until this noon. These days Marcelo **pegs away at** exercising for becoming a **notable** figure in his school football team, but his father doesn’t support his dream.

There’s a **subtle** relationship between Marcelo and his father. For Marcelo, his father’s orders are **imperative** and cannot be disobeyed any more. Sometimes he is forced to do heavy work in the field although **safeguard** against the **exploitation** of children is **enacted** in order to safeguard **juvenile** rights to be cared for. In this case, forcing children to do such heavy work is not be **sanction** in any form. But Marcelo’s father is not **susceptible to** such kind of law. He sends Marcelo to help his factory **manufacture** equipment without paying his son. He always says something **opaque** to Marcelo, but most time he is unable to **articulate** what he really want to express.

**Time elapsing**, at the end of the year Marcelo turns to 12, his family moves to their new settlement in an **autonomous** region, which is **in proximity to** a football pitch. Marcelo still pursues his dream in hot pursuit, with his father’s **deep suspicion**. These years his father **was swamped with** too much work because of decline of yield of his factory. So Marcelo has barely experienced a **cozy** family night.

**It never rains but it pours**. Marcelo’s family have to confront **a periodic sequence of** events lending up to the dilemma this year.

The end of this chapter.

Missing words: **nonetheless, aesthetic**