These days Marcelo **are reveling in** gambling.

That night when he stayed awake worrying about lack of money, a **merciless** idea **crossed his mind**. He decided to **rob** lives **of** chicken near the **hearth**, for **raking in** gamble required that he must **secure** enough money. He **rubbed** his eyes and **scratched** his head with a **furrowed** brow and **cocked** ears and **throbbing**(**pulsating**) heart, **fixing on commencing** it.

It was a **starry** night. However, every **pore** of Marcelo’s body emitted a sort of terrified scent, which **carried a long way** from his room. Marcelo was extremely scared of **imminent** ‘massacre’ with a **tremor** in his hands. **There was not a soul** around him but he felt he would **be chained to** chicken’s souls **henceforth**. **Wheezing wistfully**, he tried to **munch** gum to g**ive no heed to the imminence**.

Suddenly, he **dispersed** the lives to the **edge** of the room and **raked over** the memory in childhood, **as it were**, Marcelo’s thought always **jumped(skipped**) from here to there. He **was cross with** his **bosom friend** until now, for once his friend had **rubbed** table with his favorite **striped shirt**, for which he is **dejected** about losing the card in **breast pocket**. He **pegged down** his hostility on that table and **scraped** it with time.

“What a strange night!” Marcelo **grumbled** in a **gruff** voice as the sun emitted the first **gleam** in the sky. He gathered up his **scattered** mood and realized that he shouldn’t **scrape** **the bottom of the barrel** in his rest life, which was going to **be chained to** gamble if he continued to be addicted to it. He knew to be a **shrewd** people means to fix attention on learning and becoming a great man during his youth, only in that case he could finally **overpower** all the difficulties he may meet and **subjugate** any mountains he want to climb.

The end of this chapter.